the first ever BMW 2-series coupe a
stands not only for pure driving
pleasure it stands for coolness and
sports this car is ready to continue the
success story of sporty and emotional
BMW compact groups striking design the
very dynamic appearance and of course
the unique driving characteristics
definitely will catch the auto
enthusiasts attention all over the world
this car really is the ultimate driving
machine if you puts the pedal to the
metal this engine really punches the car
from 0 to 100 km/h only 4.8 seconds
and for all models we offer the
TwinPower Turbo technology and the
efficient dynamics measures such as a
cobra mode coasting through the header
system and listen to this fantastic
sound
that's music the truth series is a
perfect ex load distribution and
together with the rear wheel drive the
increased front and rear track widths of
course the high rigidity it provides
unique driving characteristics the
result is a more entertaining handling
the sporty teacher of the two series is
the launch control this is part of the
8-speed sports automatic transmission
you hold the brake go into the sport
last mode you put the gear lever into s
and then finally you press the
acceleration pedal
as you can see the software solution is
quite easy to handle but it guarantees
where is for the drive of the system and
of course it also increases the
experience of the sport automatic
transmission and in the end
sporty drivers agreeable
in my opinion the two series is so much
fun to drive the cars is light and
nimble you too precise steering eager
gearing sharp chassis and the beefy
punch of his engines especially in the
m235i if I have to describe the car in
one word I would say the two series is
really really enjoyable
the all-new BMW 2-series coupe a
combines powerful agility with cool
elegance here we've got the m235i the
top model of the to service family with
its three hole opening air intake it
expresses maximum on sportiva T the
outer air intakes are not just bigger
they also include a very intelligent
aerodynamic feature the air curtain
which expresses also high technology of
this product and shows also the higher
value of the to service the kidneys are
slimmer and wider and have a nice 3d
sculpture the headlights they follow
also the kidney shape and with the
kidneys they have a nice focus on the
street and also show more spurt ility of
the car in the side view they see the
very typical BMW the proportions with
the long bonnet and the prawn the
stretch wheelbase the setback cabin you
see everything what makes a BMW typical
BMW the future line our
seeker line runs from the front on to
the rear and also stretches the car and
emphasize the elegant shape for
equipment at the same time the roof has
a wedge to the front which express the
chunkiness of the car to show the
agility of the car compared to bigger
Cooper's the D alone is a special
feature on the two series with the
l-shaped rear lights and a lot of
horizontal lines visual maximum on with
we try to express the race character of
this car with a specific gurney the rear
bumper in a two-tone which shows the
diffuser and the double exhaust pipe
with this the car from the rear promises
a lot of spur tivity with its layout
design the interior offers a lot of
airiness at the same time the driver
orientated the center stack shows also
sportiness with map scale in materials
we also offer with the two series more
exclusivity and luxury
less rules more performance the first
ever BMW 2-series coupe a